a 3-minute workout before sleep to slim
down your legs
fitness coaches insists that the most
important thing about working out is
persistence but let's be honest with
ourselves it's just too easy to be lazy
exercising every day is not the most
exciting thing to do but sitting on the
couch and binge watching our favorite
show yeah so for most of us the simpler
and quicker the exercise the better this
short set we're about to share with you
was developed by famous American
celebrity coach Tracey Anderson it helps
to eliminate fat deposits on the knees
and hips that can appear even in slim
people we work on the front back and
inner part of your thighs that's right
kiss those thunder thighs goodbye you
can do this workout from the comfort of
your own bed or couch and did we mention
it takes only three minutes
[Music]
number one toning the front of the
thighs let's start with the front part
of your thighs for this exercise you'll
need to lie on your back with your arms
at your sides raise your legs so that
they make a 90 degree angle with your
body and point your toes don't bend your
knees in this position they should be as
straight as possible now bend and
straighten your knees one at a time your
hips shouldn't move at all
so don't bend your knees towards you
keep the 90 degree angle at the hips
repeat this exercise ten times on each
leg so are you ready to try it let's do
it
[Music]
this exercise works in toes not only
your quads but also your knees and abs
don't forget to keep your knees together
and your thigh muscles tense
are you feeling the burn that's a good
sign it means you're doing it right
three two one
nice job now let's see what the next
exercise is all about number two toning
the back part of the thighs the exercise
we're going to do now has two parts the
first part is sort of like the previous
exercise only your toes won't be pointed
so start by lying on your back legs
raised and toes pulled towards your body
hold your knees together and bend them
one by one your toes should always be
pulled toward your body and your heels
should touch your buttocks each time you
bend your leg don't forget about this
it's very important repeat this ten
times for each leg
the clocks ready it's time to start
[Music]
this complex exercise works in tones the
front and back part of the thighs knees
and abs keep going
[Music]
one last time and wonderful now let's
try the second part the initial position
is again lying on your back legs raise
but this time leave your knees slightly
bent swing your legs towards you by
raising your buttocks off the floor and
keeping the leg muscles flexed repeat 20
times
[Music]
and go
get those butts off the floor no
cheating if you're feeling the tension
in your hamstrings and a slight burning
as well you're doing everything just
fine this shows that the exercise is
working the way it should no pain no
gain
[Music]
a couple more seconds
none
and now the final exercise awaits you
[Music]
number three toning the inner part of
the thighs
[Music]
last but not least is the inner portion
of your thighs because let's be real
who loves inner thigh chafing yeah
nobody so just lie on your back keeping
your legs raised but this time cross
your right ankle over your left one both
legs should be tense and pressed against
each other
bend your knees out to the sides to do a
plie and then return to the initial
position repeat 10 times with your right
leg over the left and 10 times with your
left leg over the right so get to it
this exercise is incredible for working
and toning your upper legs buttocks and
abs make sure that your legs are always
flexed and pressed against each other
during the exercise you should feel the
pressure in your legs to know that
you're giving the muscles of do it
workout
[Music]
we're almost done and that's it you did
it it wasn't so bad was it hit that like
button so you can come back to this
video every day and do these exercises
with us
you won't be disappointed with the
results you can also check out this
video that gives a unique and easy 1
month program that will help you get
perfect looking legs it'll leave you
with some seriously impressive results
that even Taylor Swift with envy
[Music]
and now it's bonus size
apart from all the obvious pros one of
the biggest advantages of this set of
exercises is that it can be very useful
for those who suffer from swollen legs
and varicose veins but what is swelling
pain and weakness in the legs are caused
by disease but by an unhealthy lifestyle
like sedentary work the wrong shoes or a
lack of physical exercise if you fall
into this category expert suggests three
simple rules
[Music]
rule number one walking as surprising
and strange as it might sound the more
you walk the less swelling and pain you
have in your legs but you'll absolutely
have to have comfortable Footwear an
optimal amount of walking is 30 to 60
minutes three times a week in order to
speed up blood flow walk for 10 minutes
every two hours you'll feel much better
especially if you have somewhere nice
like a park or trail to do your walking
[Music]
rule number two exercise for the ankles
what's great about this one is that you
can do it anywhere at any time
so no excuses simply bend your ankles 20
to 30 times pulling your toes toward and
away from your body
this exercise improves blood circulation
and helps remove excess liquid doing
this regularly will definitely make a
difference in your life
[Music]
rule number three swimming
if you're into fitness over swimming or
water aerobics
struggling against the water pressure
whoops improves blood circulation in the
limbs it's good not only for your legs
but for your whole body as well plus
it's really fun
[Music]
do you know any other exercises that
work like magic for the legs tell us in
the comment section below
[Music]
don't forget to give us a like and share
this video with your friends subscribe
to our Channel and always stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]
you